Update set-up-attributes.md (#660)
MicrosoftDocs/Viva: Viva/glint/setup/set-up-attributes.md

- To delete a group or level, select the **trash can** symbol.

> [!NOTE]

> > Hierarchy groups can only be set up during initial schema set up. To add hierarchies at the time of editing the schema, [reach out to support](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/microsoft-365).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Hierarchy groups can only be set up during initial schema setup. To add hierarchies at the time of editing the schema, [contact Microsoft Support](https://support.microsoft.com/contactus).
```

2. Select the attribute from the dropdown menu used to calculate each derived attribute. For example, Manager ID, Hire Date, and Birth Year.
3. Select **Continue**.

   > [!NOTE]

> > Derived groups can only be set up during initial schema set up. To add hierarchies at the time of editing the schema, [reach out to support](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/microsoft-365).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Derived groups can only be set up during initial schema setup. To add hierarchies at the time of editing the schema, [Contact Microsoft Support](https://support.microsoft.com/contactus).
```
